-[soft instrumental
music playing]
-[indistinct chatter]
[speaking indistinctly]
-Okay, so the idea... is that
we're going to be synchronized.
-Yes.
Right, because it's going
to be much more impressive.
Yes, it's called
"Woman Petting Cat."
You can change into a cat?
Well, yes, of course
I can turn into a cat.
I can turn
into anything I like.
That said, I will not be
turning into a cat.
I will be turning into a bird.
-A bird!
-[imitating bird noises]
[chuckles] Why?
Because I'm allergic to cats.
'Cause Shelly's
allergic to cats.
[Shelly] I can't be near them.
And neither of us
could be fucked
changing the title.
Yes. No, you are my catbird.
Wow, this is the most amazing
thing I have ever heard.
-Mmm-hmm, catbird.
-[screams]
This is going to be
a smash success.
When people see
that you can change
from a bird into a woman,
they will be
absolutely captivated.
Yeah, well, that's not
what it's about, Bendy.
[Shelly] No, no.
My power is my power.
My art is my art.
The project isn't about
a woman transforming.
It's about a woman
becoming herself,
like both of us.
Yes, the dance will showcase
our inner selves,
far more than
any meta-human abilities
ever could.
[Madame Rouge]
That is why we make art, Bendy.
The world is complicated,
even when they try
to make it simple.
Weapon, not a weapon,
weapon, not a weapon.
See what I mean?
Absolutely, I do.
Art is the only path.
The only path
through this messy life
is paved with moments
of pure expression.
[imitates explosion]
[Madame Rouge]
What will your dance be?
[gasps]
-My dance?
-Yes.
-[softly] Come on.
-[giggles]
Oh, here we are.
[chuckles]
[Rita clears throat]
Feel yourself. Here we go.
[Rita exhales]
Very good.
[exhaling, singing] ♪ Love me ♪
♪ Don't look at me ♪
♪ Love me ♪
♪ Please ♪
♪ Don't look at me ♪
[all singing] ♪ Love her ♪
♪ Don't look at her ♪
♪ Love her ♪
-♪ Please ♪
-♪ Love her ♪
♪ Don't look at her ♪
♪ Love her ♪
-♪ Don't look at her ♪
-[cheering]
-Yes, yes.
-Yes!
[exhales]
-[chuckles]
-That was a moment
of pure expression.
-[Shelly] Uh.
-[laughs in agreement]
It was a lie... all of it.
You may have been able to spin
things with the Sisterhood,
but you can't fool me.
I was there in 1949.
You never wanted to change
the world through art.
You never even
cared about expression.
All you cared about
was influence.
Increasing your influence
and gaining power.
Those weren't lies.
They were just truths
that changed over time.
Shut up!
I have listened to your
holier-than-thou theater critic
bullshit for 30 years.
I'm sick of it.
Fine. Have it your way.
I don't need tea and sympathy.
It's... [sighs deeply]
It's over.
-Just let me go.
-[scoffs]
I'll just hop in
the time machine
and disappear.
The time machine is gone.
I hid it away. [chuckles]
Somewhere you'll never find.
I won't let you ruin
anything else.
I'm ending this.
There's nowhere
left for you to go.
Well, we...
both know that's not true.
Yeah, that little stunt
you pulled with the
Sisterhood of Dada
brought my memories
flooding back.
Finally, I know where I belong.
The Brotherhood of Evil
will welcome me back
with open arms.
The Brotherhood of Evil?
Yeah. Brotherhood of Evil, yup.
[chuckles] Okay.
Niles defeated them.
Not long after you left
on your misguided mission.
So, it's over, Madame Rouge.
The Brotherhood of Evil
is gone.
Now I'll just bring it back.
Mmm-hmm.
What you want...
I can't give you.
What I want...
was taken from me.
Taken from me by you.
You stole my life.
And I will not stop
until I have ended yours.
Well, you keep
saying that, Bendy.
But if you're still
looking for a fight,
why don't you take a shot?
[flapping]
[gasps] Tell me it's not true.
Cliff, you are not going
to believe the dimples
on this thing.
-You went back and got him?
-[Larry] Yeah, I did.
Lare-Bear!
I am so proud of you.
And I wasn't sure
if I was ready to be
a father again.
But when you're raising
a space parasite,
are you ever really ready?
[chuckles]
-[chuckles]
-[parasite snarls]
Everything's been
so crazy lately.
The flagellation,
Rita's time machine...
We haven't had a chance
to celebrate the good shit.
[gasps] Ooh, yeah.
Can I hold it? Please.
-Um...
-[Cliff babbles playfully]
[Jane] Keeg-a-boo. [chuckles]
Wait, is it peek-a-boo
or keeg-a-boo?
Yeah, I think it's "peek."
[Cliff and Jane] Keeg-a-boo!
You know, I should probably
put him down for a nap.
He might be getting tired.
-Keeg-a-boo!
-There will be plenty of time
to play later.
-[Cliff] Keeg-a-boo!
-[Jane blows raspberry]
-Hey, if I could--
-You don't really think
that we're going to give it
back to you, do you?
[Jane] Yeah.
No hard feelings, Mummy-daddy.
It's just...
you're not really capable
of fatherly love.
Think about
what happened to your son.
[Cliff] He killed himself.
[Jane] No, not that son,
the other son.
The one who decided
that the best relationship
they could manage
was no relationship at all.
What? No, I don't--
That's not-- [exhales]
I can be a better father
than either of you.
[both laugh]
I am ready for this.
[Cliff and Jane]
"I am ready for this!"
I can be better.
I have to be.
I have to be better.
[laughing hysterically]
[gasps]
Oh, my God. [sighs]
What the...
[chains rattling]
Did you do this?
Wait.
The dream.
You felt it, didn't you?
You can sense my emotions.
[sighs]
My old friend could too.
This feels different somehow.
Painful.
I'm scared.
I can sense your emotions too.
-[static buzzing]
-Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Being around me and my problems
can feel like torture.
This time, I have to be better.
Procedure was painless.
Basically, they rewrote
the nanotech that you designed.
Underneath...
I'm still mechanical.
Changes are only skin deep.
Only cost you your powers.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean that to sound...
[sighs]
I've had a lot of time
to reflect lately.
The whole world has.
Thanks to...
whatever the hell
we all just went through...
[interrupts] Don't explain it.
I really don't need to know.
Just glad it's over.
It's not very often that, uh,
I get to visit my son
in a hospital these days.
First time?
Greatest day of my life.
No lie.
And you were a newborn.
And I promised to keep you
from ending up back
in that hospital.
But...
real life doesn't work
like that.
-Yeah.
-Second time.
You had appendicitis.
Oof! Boy, you're tough.
Didn't let your mom
see you cry.
Third time.
Third time was
right after your first
varsity football game.
You'd sprained your ankle.
But you gritted it out.
You threw the go-ahead
score to win it all.
I should have been
happy for you,
but I was angry.
Angry because if the injury
were any worse,
that might have been
your last game.
And I wasn't there for it.
I figured you had
to work late, so...
There was a new security guard
at S.T.A.R. Labs.
It was dark out.
I was rushing to make it
to your game.
But, man, I couldn't find
my damn keys.
That man...
he made assumptions.
He stalked me.
Detained me.
He held me down.
I can still hear him.
He was overweight, wheezing...
I could've taken him.
But what then?
Would he have tried to kill me?
Would he have pressed charges?
There are wings
of that building
that will be named after me.
And in less than a millisecond,
everything I had earned
meant absolutely nothing.
[sighs] Dad.
I never knew.
You weren't
born yesterday, Victor.
You live in the same
world I do.
You didn't need
your father to tell you
that this is how it is!
Anyway,
that moment right there
was all I could think about
the last time
you were in the hospital.
A moment where I had a choice.
Not just to save my son's life,
but to give him
a suit of armor. [sighs]
To build it into something
the world could not tear down,
build him into something
that could walk the world free.
You once asked me
why I chose to make you Cyborg.
That's the answer.
[sighs]
That might be your answer...
but that was not the solution.
I mean,
don't you recognize that?
Like... after all that,
what the hell
did you turn me into?
I am a S.T.A.R. Lab
security guard!
You traded my humanity
for a symbol.
You robbed me of the chance
to define myself.
Why the hell would I give
a fuck about how people see me?
I've been standing
before my father
this entire time,
appearing as the man
I used to be,
and he won't even embrace me.
[scoffs] He can't even
look at me.
My own father won't
even bring himself
to hug his own son.
All he can think about is fear.
You wanted me to walk
through this world free?
Well, I want to walk the world
as the man I was born to be.
[door opens, shuts]
[sobs]
Kay, wait.
We need to talk
about what happened.
The others, where did they go?
I don't know where they went,
but I'm glad they're gone.
They knew
I didn't need them anymore.
I want to feel like I did
in the sweet shop again.
In the fog.
I like that feeling too,
but it couldn't last forever.
I know what you're feeling.
I know what you want.
But things aren't always as
simple as we want them to be.
Let's just think for a moment.
You must be wondering
what happened to the others.
I am too.
We can figure it out together.
Sometimes I wonder
if you understand me at all.
God!
[distant screaming]
[distant growls]
I hope you know
what you're doing, Kay.
I don't think this place
is meant to be empty.
[line ringing]
[Mallah on intercom] Hello,
who may I ask is calling?
[Laura] Yeah, it's... It's me.
It's Laura. Laura De Mille.
[Mallah] Who?
Ah, sorry.
Madame Rouge.
[Mallah] Who?
[mumbles]
Fair enough.
[clears throat]
1949, I was recruited to travel
to the future,
which is now-now, present time.
Um, my mission went
a bit sideways.
Therefore, I'm no longer able
to travel back to my present.
So I'm currently here
in your present...
presently.
Reporting for duty, sir.
[Mallah] No.
Oh. [chuckles]
Sorry, your accent.
You sounded like you said no.
[Mallah] I said no.
You are not welcome here.
This is a retirement community.
We are retired.
We have no need
for this frivolity.
Your absurd
and overly complicated problems
are not welcome here.
Okay, um, my apologies,
but, um, perhaps
I'm in the wrong place.
But I was told
that I could find
the... [whispers]
Brotherhood of Evil here.
[The Brain]
What's going on, Mallah?
Did I hear
someone mention
the Brotherhood of Evil?
Yes. Yes.
[The Brain]
Is it one of our fans,
or a member
of the enthusiast press?
[Mallah] Pardon, monsieur.
It is none of your concern.
[The Brain] None of my concern?
Unless it's another one of your
taffy-of-the-month deliveries,
it's absolutely my concern.
Buzz them in.
-[Mallah sighs]
-[buzzer sounds]
Okay. Thank you.
Thanks very much
[mechanical thudding]
Yo, Cliff!
You got to be
fucking kidding me.
Nice to see you too.
Is this real?
Or did a magic bird
do this shit to you too?
It's real.
Uh, it's still tech,
but it's real.
-What do you think?
-What do I think?
What the fuck does
General Tony think?
[scoffs]
So this, Kay, is
the Brotherhood of Evil.
They're a group of the most
sinister villains of all time
in the 1950s.
They're horrible.
And the worst one of them all,
of course, is Madame Rouge.
But not to worry.
I have come up with a plan
to vanquish them
once and for all.
Speaking of, what sort of
superpowers do you have?
Oh. [chuckles nervously]
I don't have powers.
-I see. And the other personas?
-They're gone.
It's just me.
How lovely.
Wow. [chuckles]
Well, we are so happy to have
you aboard, Kay.
Welcome.
[Vic] What'd we miss?
Yup, I'm back.
Victor, what have you done?
What have I done?
[exhales] Sorry. I mean...
look at you. [chuckles]
Congratulations.
You look amazing.
Yeah, we're all thrilled
for Vic.
But I'm still
a little confused,
like, why did you
even come back?
I live here.
Guys, come on.
I'm not a subconscious.
I'm not a zombie,
and this isn't the afterlife.
It's still me, same Vic.
Still part of the team.
Do you still have powers?
No.
[Cliff] Let's arm wrestle.
Winner gets to call himself
Cyborg from now on.
[Rita] Cliff!
I'm sorry.
It's just a lot to process.
You spent 30 years in the past
and didn't change at all.
Vic goes away
for a three-day weekend
and changes everything.
[Rita] Well, who said
I didn't change?
[Larry] Hey, can you guys
keep it down, please?
[parasite growling]
[sighs] Sorry, I'm late.
Trying to take things
a bit easier these days,
you know, for the baby.
Unless that thing's colorblind,
you're only making life harder.
I like it.
Thanks, Kay.
Kay? Holy shit!
Has everyone fixed their shit?
Slap on some synth skin
or some fucking Tommy Bahama
and everyone's problems
are solved.
I'm beginning to wonder
we all had the same
flagellation.
Welcome back, Vic.
-You look great.
-Thanks, Larry.
[clears throat] All right.
Okay, this may feel
a bit like deja vu,
but that's only because
we've tried this once before
when you were all subs.
But now that the actual
team is here,
I believe we finally
have a chance.
Jane always says
you're not a team.
Well, Jane's not right
about everything, Kay.
You know that better
than any of us.
All right. Take two, huh?
Introducing the
Brotherhood of Evil.
[The Brain] Welcome
to our new headquarters.
I never doubted for a second
that you would return to us.
Welcome!
Mallah, welcome our guest!
-[growls]
-[The Brain] He's in a mood.
So, Rouge, my darling,
where have you been
all my life?
Uh, I've been a bit,
um, bit lost, actually.
How have things been here?
Things are going great.
You can't beat the climate.
We're only a couple minutes
from the beach.
The Buccaneers won
the Super Bowl.
You know what they say,
"Boca Raton means
'Heaven on Earth.'"
Right. Well, how wonderful.
I'm very happy,
very happy for you.
Both of you.
[Mallah] Fermez la bouche,
femme demon.
Um... sorry, ape.
-Do you... do you have
some kind of a problem?
-[whirring]
Hmm?
Yeah. Uh, things aren't
going as well for me,
I'm afraid, so...
I assumed.
We basically sent you
on the time-travel
equivalent of a milk run
and you never came back.
Uh, yeah. Well, you neglected
to inform me
that total amnesia is
a side effect of time travel.
Amnesia?
Interesting. What an oddly
convenient symptom.
Yes. Well, the original mission
relied on using my anonymity
to spy on Niles Caulder
and his creations.
But unfortunately,
I instead relied
on Niles Caulder's creations
to undo my anonymity
and effectively
ran a mission counter
to the original goal.
So now,
they are plotting to kill me.
Which is great.
Hmm, that sounds more
like a Rouge problem
than a Brain problem.
Um... [scoffs] I'm sorry...
Aren't I an equal member
of the Brotherhood of Evil?
Well, there's members,
and there's equal members.
You were a member
for, like, an afternoon.
Let's cut to the chase.
I need to destroy
Niles Caulder's creations
before they destroy me.
And there is no one better
to do that than you,
Niles Caulder's sworn nemesis.
What can I say?
He really did bring out
the villain in me.
Seventy years ago,
you sent me on a mission.
It went off course,
but I'm here now,
and Niles Caulder's legacy
is ripe for destruction.
So are you in
or are you out?
Mallah, get me my toys.
-[growls]
-[juicer whirs]
-Mallah!
-[Mallah] Pardon?
-I said get--
-[juicer whirs]
Damn it, Mallah.
[Larry] Hey, wasn't
the Brotherhood of Evil
defeated ages ago?
Maybe this will just blow over.
No, Larry, the Brotherhood
of Evil is coming for us.
I'm sure of it.
Don't worry, Rita.
I've got your back.
-We'll figure it out.
-[Rita] Well, thank you.
Victor.
I suppose we can find
a role for you.
What?
You're demoting me?
There are
no small roles, Victor.
Only small actors
and stage crew.
Can I be stage crew with Vic?
Hey, what the hell
is stage crew?
What Rita's too polite to say
is that you screwed us, dude.
I sold a meet and greet
with Cyborg on eBay.
And, sure, my subconscious self
showed me that was wrong.
But what the fuck
am I supposed to do now?
Issue a $25 refund?
[Larry] Okay, okay. Let's just
try to keep the volume
down a bit, okay?
Vic doesn't deserve this.
-[crackling]
-Oh, shit. [groans] I'm fine.
It's fine.
Kids, am I right?
[chuckles nervously]
-Uh.
-[Cliff] Who would
have thought that
a deadbeat Robodad
with a brain disease
is the only capable member
left on the team.
Larry's got a baby.
Vic's depowered,
and Jane's head is empty.
We're two bananas short
of a dogshit sundae.
Don't you dare
lump me in with them.
I'll have you know I am
perfectly capable on my own.
Well, then why the hell do you
keep trying to recruit us?
All right. I'm sorry.
I'm trying to turn over
a new leaf.
This isn't exactly
how I planned to start,
but if you need help
kicking some evil ass,
I'm ready to fucking roll.
[sighs, laughs]
-Okay.
-[doorbell rings]
-[Clara] Dad?
-Holy shit. Clara!
Every single time.
Get a load of this stuff.
When I first got into the game,
laser beams weren't
even that thing.
I put laser beams on the map.
This is it?
No, of course not.
I've got tons more
at an off-site facility.
I had a death ray,
but I gave it to Garguax
so he could kill that leggy
broad who time-traveled
to Codsville after you left--
Don't ask me
how I figured all that out.
Well, that leggy broad
managed to survive
your little death ray.
So I hope you've got something
with a more airtight success
rate up your sleeve.
Not so fast.
This is the
Brotherhood of Evil.
I'm The Brain.
He's Mallah,
and you're the lady
who hasn't done jack shit.
You've got to earn our help.
Are you ready
for another mission?
[Clara] You left your meds
in Florida.
-These are some
pretty serious pills.
-[thuds]
The website said
they were safe.
Website? Dad, Jesus!
[sobs]
I didn't even want to come,
but Mel told me that this
Parkinson's medication
has some pretty serious
side effects,
especially if you're not
taking regulated doses.
What sort of side effects?
Impulse control,
gambling, lust.
Things you weren't exactly
a shining example of
before you started
taking medication.
Now that I'm seeing you, I...
Look, I think I need
to take you to see a doctor.
Like, a real doctor.
[Vic] Kay?
What are you doing down here?
Everyone inside my head
got to sit at this table
and talk to Mr. Caulder.
But I never did.
I guess no one ever
wanted to talk to me.
We all wanted
to talk to you, Kay.
Ask any of us,
Niles most of all.
But we thought maybe
you didn't want to talk to us.
They never let me come up.
[breathing heavily]
I always thought it was
because they were
trying to keep me safe.
But now I think they were
just trying to keep this
all for themselves.
Why did you decide
to come up now?
Did something happen to Jane?
[sighs]
Jane's fine.
[slow sobs]
She's just in the underground
like I used to be.
It's a good thing.
For the first time
in a long time,
I finally feel like the person
I was supposed to be.
[sighs]
I know how that feels.
[exhales]
I thought you might.
-I think part of us
met during, um--
-The flagellation?
Yeah. [chuckles]
I think our subconsciouses
are more similar
than I gave us credit for.
You mean I'm like you?
Like looking in the mirror.
[chuckles]
I'm happy for you, Kay.
I let people call the shots
for me for too long.
And I know you did too.
We're finally in charge
of ourselves again.
Um, excuse me.
Do you think
you could interview me
like Mr. Caulder used to do?
[giggles]
[clears throat]
-[in formal accent] So, what
would you like to talk about?
-[Kay giggles]
[Larry] Rita,
what are you doing?
I'm leaving, Larry.
I'm going after Rouge.
I don't care if anyone
wants to help me or not.
I can't stay here
while she's out there free.
Okay? What happened to you two?
You were so desperate
for her approval.
And now you seem so...
This feels personal.
Laura--
I mean, Rouge...
and I have history.
Now I know you think I was
only gone for a few days,
but for me,
it was an entire lifetime.
Well, judging by
the pink cardigan packed
beside the one-piece
bathing suit,
I'd say you're still the same
Rita we all know and love.
That Rita is gone, Larry.
-[parasite growls]
-[Larry groans]
[glass cracks]
Sorry.
Sorry about that.
I overreacted.
[shushes]
Change can be positive.
Still the same Larry
we all know and love.
[kisses]
Good luck with your thing.
How long will you be gone?
I don't know, Larry.
Rouge could be anywhere by now.
Do you know how difficult
it's going to be
to track down a shapeshifter?
Hi. Yeah. I'd like to make
an appointment for my father.
Cliff Steele.
[baby cooing]
Yes, that's his real name.
Hello.
I'm sorry. Could I borrow you
for one moment?
[Cliff] Uh...
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
I'm sorry. This is important.
More important than
my daughter setting up
a doctor's appointment
for my debilitating
brain disease?
Yes. Something about this
doesn't add up.
Are you sure that's Clara?
Am I sure
that's my daughter? Yeah.
But have you considered this?
Madame Rouge is a shapeshifter.
Uh, yeah.
I saw her transform
into an ottoman. Big whoop.
She can transform
into anything.
I don't give a shit.
I just want to make sure
you're being careful.
Think about it.
After everything,
do you really think
you've earned
another second chance
with your daughter?
Come on, Rita.
Can't something nice happen
to me for once?
Vic got his whole
fucking face fixed.
All of you are doing
better than ever.
Don't I get to have
something nice?
Just once?
Why does everyone else
get to be so fucking special?
[sighs]
You're right.
This does feel
too good to be true.
I'm sorry.
Just go back in there
and I'll gather the others,
just... just in case.
Hey, sweetie, you'd tell me
if you were a secret
shapeshifter here to fuck up
my life, wouldn't you?
[baby blabbering]
Hey, little buddy.
Where did your mama go?
All right.
Come here.
Here we go.
[Clara] Sorry, I had to go
change his diaper.
[gasps]
[Cliff and Clara]
What the fuck?
[baby crying violently]
[growls]
Clara, run!
-[baby snickering]
-[Cliff shrieks]
[screams]
[Cliff] Look out!
It's a killer baby!
[screams]
[baby screams]
[all grunting]
[Vic] I got her!
[grunting]
[groans]
[Madame Rouge]
Hey, you bastard! Oh!
[parasite crying]
[groaning]
Okay.
[grunting]
[screams]
No!
[Madame Rouge yells]
[all groan]
[grunts]
[Cliff groans]
[groaning]
Oh, no. No, no, no.
[all screaming]
What the hell is
going on up there?
We're under attack.
[screams] Fuck!
Fuck, fuck, fuck.
Come on!
Don't even try it, girlie.
You've got a real family
to worry about.
[mechanical beeping]
[screams] No!
[breathing heavily] What?
What just happened?
Clara, listen to me.
Everything is going
to be all right.
[baby crying]
Go.
We'll take care of this.
Just get him back safe.
We will, I promise.
All right.
Okay.
Now, I know we've all
had our fair share
of hemming and hawing,
but enough is enough.
Cliff's been kidnapped.
We have to act fast.
Victor, we need to find out
where the Brotherhood of Evil
is hiding.
On it.
Grid, send me a lo-- [sighs]
I'll get my laptop.
[Rita] Uh, Larry,
go start the bus.
Quickly, Larry!
Yeah, the larva's fine,
by the way.
Thanks for checking
-[parasite growls]
-[Larry groans]
There is no choice now.
We have to destroy
the Brotherhood.
You ready?
I don't know.
The underground
is falling apart.
The personas are gone.
And I could swear
I heard something down there
and something is in pain.
Don't do this.
Every time things
get bad for us,
you get lost in your own head.
You can't sleep through
another crisis, Jane.
-Not again.
-What the fuck do you
want me to do?
I don't have powers, remember?
I'm not the help
you're looking for.
None of you are the help
I'm looking for.
In fact, the most capable
person left in this house
is probably Cliff's daughter,
but she is not like us.
No one is.
This isn't about us anymore.
This is about Cliff.
-Speak.
-They're in Florida.
If we drive all night,
we can make it by tomorrow.
Ready?
[breathing heavily]
All right.
[Cliff moans]
Oh, what the fuck
just happened?
Where am I?
Are Clara and Rory safe?
I have no idea
who you're talking about,
and I don't care.
Welcome to the Sunshine State,
Cliff Steele.
Am I back in fucking Florida?
I just fucking left Florida.
Fuck me!
Who the fuck are you?
Shit. Duh.
You're the fucking Brain.
Yes, I am the fucking Brain.
And you are the Robotman.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Big fan.
Not of you, per se,
but of your design.
[Cliff] Oh, yeah?
So you must also be a fan
of things like skin tags,
acapella music,
the 1973 Houston Oilers--
[The Brain] You really have
no appreciation
for the miracle
that you are, do you?
I spent my entire life
trying to design a body
like yours.
I was furious
when Niles Caulder,
my hated rival,
did what I could not.
So when I saw your blueprints
auction online, I had to bid.
You bought my blueprints?
I had to know how Niles did it.
He was never
a brilliant scientist,
but that was the catch.
Niles dabbled in science
and magic.
Your body is special, Cliff.
It's infused with
magical properties.
What the fuck are you saying?
You are one of a kind,
and that simply isn't fair.
A body like yours should
belong to someone worthy,
someone like me.
Once I take it from you,
I'll finally be able
to take my revenge.
[chuckling] Revenge?
How's that gonna work?
[Madame Rouge]
Here's what I'm thinking.
[slurping]
After we replace your brain
with The Brain,
we'll return home
to your friends,
your foolish friends.
And they'll welcome back
Robotman with open arms.
Then disguised together,
The Brain and I
will systematically destroy
your friends one by one
from within,
saving Rita for last,
and then I will just finish her
off once and for all.
[slurps]
Well, you really are evil.
Oh, please.
She doesn't know the
first thing about being evil.
Mallah!
[Mallah growls]
[gasps]
Holy fuck!
-[growls]
-[screams] Fuck!
[Kay] Jane?
Jane.
[distant screaming]
-Faster, Vic. Faster!
-Lady, this is a school bus.
God, sit down, Rita. Ow!
[breathing heavily]
I can't believe you brought
that repulsive thing with you.
[Vic] He's trying
to keep it safe.
That's what fathers
are supposed to do.
You're only sticking up for him
because he's the only one
who was happy about
your cosmetic surgery.
Yeah, well,
no one else was happy.
I never said I was happy.
What?
No. You know what?
I'm not happy.
Hey, Cliff was right.
Why does Vic's fresh start
look like that,
and mine looks like this?
I thought if I could spare
this larva from my pain,
it'd get better.
I thought I'd feel better.
But I'm not the only one
affecting this thing.
It's all of us.
You and you.
You're all so
emotionally toxic.
It's killing us both.
Okay, let me get this straight.
None of you are happy for me?
[Larry] Argh!
I finally get the chance
at a normal life again,
and... y'all are just jealous?
-That's pathetic.
-Can we just chill?
[sighs]
We're all going through shit.
Fuck it.
Deal with it later.
Like Rita said,
this is about Cliff.
Uh... [scoffs] Wait.
Is that what Rita told you?
Please.
This isn't about Cliff at all.
Come on,
tell her the truth, Rita.
-[stretcher whirring]
-[Cliff moans]
[sighs]
Ugh.
[The Brain] Ah, you're awake.
-[both grunting]
-Don't bother attempting
to shapeshift.
Mallah injected you with
a meta-human power dampener.
[Madame Rouge] We had a deal.
I changed my mind.
The Brotherhood of Evil
is old news.
Evil, well,
it's a complicated thing.
Seventy years ago,
I wanted to rule the world.
After Caulder defeated me,
I would have stopped
at nothing to kill him
and erase his legacy.
But now,
now all I want to do
is take this metal body
and live a life of indulgence
in sunny Boca Raton.
Maybe do the foxtrot
with the widow in unit J.
Goodbye, Madame Rouge.
[screams]
Asshole.
[Larry] Tell them, Rita.
Tell them why you're really
after Rouge.
I told you,
this is about Cliff.
This is about all of us.
If we don't stop Rouge,
she and the Brotherhood
will not stop
until we're all dead.
Uh, you mean dead again?
You had a time machine.
You could have changed
all of this.
But instead,
you went back to Codsville
and locked the door
and made sure everyone died.
[Jane and Vic] Wait, what?
This was never about Cliff.
Larry is right.
I... I'd forgotten you all.
I...I had escaped. [chuckles]
I fell in love.
I had friends.
I had the perfect life
until Rouge.
I could have saved you.
I could have altered
the timeline
and changed everything,
but that would have risked
erasing the life that I had,
and I just couldn't do that.
So now I'm back.
But it doesn't feel like home,
not anymore.
You are strangers to me.
So, when we arrive in Florida,
you can put all your bullshit
aside and rescue Cliff,
or you can sit in this bus
and wallow, I don't care.
All I want is Rouge.
You lied to us the whole time.
You can talk, Larry.
You lied right to my face.
[Larry and Rita]
It isn't about your face, Vic!
Fuck!
[sighs]
[distant screams]
[faint growls]
[screams, growls intensify]
[gasps, breathes heavily]
[indistinct screaming]
["Les Champs Elysees" playing]
[thunder rumbling]
[inaudible conversation]
[rattling]
[screaming]
[parasite growls]